OIDC additions (#541)
Software-Improvement-Group/sigridci: docs/organization-integration/usermanagement-example-saml-okta.md

| http://schemas.xmlsoap.org/ws/2005/05/identity/claims/given_name   | user.firstName  |

<img src="../images/okta-attribute-statements.png" width="600" /><br />

> ### Saved Saml app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Saved SAML app
```

<img src="../images/okta-saml-settings.png" width="600" /><br />

### Bookmark app

> Sigrid only supports service provider initiated flow, so create a Bookmark app that only is redirect to customer.sigrid-says.com.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sigrid only supports service provider initiated flow, so create a Bookmark app that only redirects to https://<customer>.sigrid-says.com.
```
